content: updated current activities to reflect current status for dependency-track (#1456)
slsa-framework/slsa: docs/current-activities.md

The Dependency track defines requirements aimed at mitigating risks introduced to a project through its dependencies.

There is an ongoing effort to develop this track, building upon the foundation laid by [S2C2F](https://openssf.org/projects/s2c2f/).

> S2C2F provides a guide for the safe consumption of open source dependencies. As part of this ongoing effort, community members from both SLSA and S2C2F collaborated to translate the practices outlined in S2C2F, into requirements that align with the structure of existing SLSA specifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
S2C2F provides a guide for the safe consumption of open source dependencies. As part of this ongoing effort, community members from both SLSA and S2C2F collaborated to translate the practices outlined in S2C2F into requirements that align with the structure of existing SLSA specifications.
```

> A first draft of the Dependency track has been published to the SLSA Wo[rking Draft site](/spec/draft/dependency-track).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A first draft of the Dependency track has been published to the [SLSA Working Draft site](/spec/draft/dependency-track).
```

Author: Sorry - thanks for catching that!

Reviewer: ha! sorry I submitted the same request. 
it's better to push the fix and let github take down the comment (because it was attached to a previous revision) 👍

> A first draft of the Dependency track has been published to the SLSA Wo[rking Draft site](/spec/draft/dependency-track).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A first draft of the Dependency track has been published to the [SLSA Working Draft site](/spec/draft/dependency-track).
```
